## Cookies concent notice

This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze
traffic.

[ Learn more ](https://policies.google.com/technologies/cookies) OK, got it

Skip to main content[ Help Angular by taking a **quick survey**!Go to
survey](https://goo.gle/angular-devsat-q1-2023)
[![Home](assets/images/logos/angular/shield-large.svg)](https://angular.io/)

/

dark_mode

[ ](https://twitter.com/angular "Twitter")[
](https://github.com/angular/angular "GitHub")[ ](https://youtube.com/angular
"YouTube")

About Angular

[Features](features "Features.")

[Resources](resources "Resources.")

[Events](events "Events.")

[Blog](https://blog.angular.io/ "Blog.")

[Introduction](docs "Welcome to the Angular documentation set.")

Getting started

[What is Angular?](guide/what-is-angular "A brief description of the Angular
platform.")

Try it

[Getting started](start "Take a look at Angular's component model, template
syntax, and component communication.")

[Adding navigation](start/start-routing "Navigate among different page views
using the browser's URL.")

[Managing data](start/start-data "Use services and access external data via
HTTP.")

[Using forms for user input](start/start-forms "Learn about fetching and
managing data from users with forms.")

[Deploying an application](start/start-deployment "Move to local development,
or deploy your application to Firebase or your own server.")

[Setup](guide/setup-local "Setting up for local development with the Angular
CLI.")

Understanding Angular

[Overview](guide/understanding-angular-overview "Learn about the most common
parts of an Angular application.")

Components

[Overview](guide/component-overview "Overview of how to create Angular
components.")

[Component lifecycle](guide/lifecycle-hooks "Angular calls lifecycle hook
methods on directives and components as it creates, changes, and destroys
them.")

[View encapsulation](guide/view-encapsulation "Describes how component CSS
styles are encapsulated into a component's view.")

[Component interaction](guide/component-interaction "Share information between
different directives and components.")

[Component styles](guide/component-styles "Add CSS styles that are specific to
a component.")

[Sharing data between child and parent directives and
components](guide/inputs-outputs "Introductory guide to sharing data between
parent and child directives or components.")

[Content projection](guide/content-projection "Learn how to create reusable
components using Angular's content projection feature.")

[Dynamic components](guide/dynamic-component-loader "Load components
dynamically.")

[Angular elements](guide/elements "Convert components to Custom Elements.")

Templates

[Overview](guide/template-overview "Introduction to templates.")

[Introduction](guide/template-syntax "Introduction to writing templates that
display data and consume user events with the help of data binding.")

[Text interpolation](guide/interpolation "An introduction to interpolation and
expressions in HTML.")

[Template statements](guide/template-statements "Introductory guide to
statements in templates that respond to events that components, directives, or
elements raise.")

Binding

[Understanding binding](guide/binding-overview "Introductory guide to
binding.")

[Property binding](guide/property-binding "Learn how to use property
binding.")

[Attribute binding](guide/attribute-binding "Learn how to use attribute
binding.")

[Class and style binding](guide/class-binding "Learn how to use class and
style binding.")

[Event binding](guide/event-binding "Learn how to use to event binding.")

[Two-way binding](guide/two-way-binding "Learn how to share data between a
class and a template.")

Pipes

[Understanding pipes](guide/pipes-overview "Introductory guide to pipes.")

[Using a pipe in a template](guide/pipe-template "Learn how to use a pipe in a
template.")

[Transforming data with parameters and chained pipes](guide/pipes-transform-
data "Learn how to use a pipe transform data.")

[Template reference variables](guide/template-reference-variables
"Introductory guide to referring to DOM elements within a template.")

[SVG as templates](guide/svg-in-templates "Learn how to use SVGs as templates
for Angular applications.")

Directives

[Built-in directives](guide/built-in-directives "Introductory guide to some of
the most popular built-in directives.")

[Attribute directives](guide/attribute-directives "Attribute directives attach
behavior to elements.")

[Structural directives](guide/structural-directives "Structural directives
manipulate the layout of the page.")

[Directive composition API](guide/directive-composition-api "Apply directive
to host elements.")

Dependency injection

[Dependency injection in Angular](guide/dependency-injection-overview
"Dependency injection is a design pattern in which a class requests
dependencies from external sources.")

[Understanding dependency injection](guide/dependency-injection "Angular's
dependency injection system creates and delivers dependent services to
Angular-created classes.")

[Creating an injectable service](guide/creating-injectable-service "Example of
creating an injectable service.")

[Defining dependency providers](guide/dependency-injection-providers "A
provider factory function is a plain function that Angular can call to create
a dependency.")

[Injection context](guide/dependency-injection-context "Dependency injection
depends on a runtime context to work.")

[Hierarchical injectors](guide/hierarchical-dependency-injection "Hierarchical
dependency injection enables you to share dependencies between different parts
of the application only when and if you need to.")

Developer guides

[Overview](guide/developer-guide-overview "A list of developer guides for
building Angular applications.")

Standalone

[Standalone components](guide/standalone-components "Standalone components,
directives, and pipes")

[Migrating to standalone](guide/standalone-migration "Migrate your application
to Angular's standalone APIs")

Change detection

[Overview](guide/change-detection "Introduces the basics of Angular's change
detection")

[Zone pollution](guide/change-detection-zone-pollution "Explains how Zone.js
works and what are the common pitfalls that can slow an application down")

[Slow computations](guide/change-detection-slow-computations "Learn how to
make your application faster by discovering and optimizing slow calculations")

[Skipping component subtrees](guide/change-detection-skipping-subtrees "Learn
how to skip change detection in component subtrees using OnPush change
detection strategy")

Routing and navigation

[Overview](guide/routing-overview "Introduces the Angular Router and lists
topics that teach you how to add the router to your applications.")

[Common routing tasks](guide/router "Task-based content on many of the common
tasks associated with Angular routing, such as defining routs, setting up
wildcard routes, and redirects.")

[Tutorial: routing in single-page applications](guide/router-tutorial "A
tutorial that covers many patterns associated with Angular routing.")

[Tutorial: creating custom route matches](guide/routing-with-urlmatcher "Learn
how to create a custom URL matcher with the Angular router.")

[Tutorial: adding routing to Tour of Heroes](guide/router-tutorial-toh
"Explore how to use Angular's router. Based on the Tour of Heroes example.")

[Router reference](guide/router-reference "Describes highlight some core
router API concepts.")

Forms

[Introduction](guide/forms-overview "An Angular form coordinates a set of
data-bound user controls, tracks changes, validates input, and presents
errors.")

[Reactive forms](guide/reactive-forms "Create a reactive form using
FormBuilder, groups, and arrays.")

[Strictly typed reactive forms in depth](guide/typed-forms "A deep-dive into
the reactive forms types.")

[Validate form input](guide/form-validation "Validate user's form entries.")

[Building dynamic forms](guide/dynamic-form "Create dynamic form templates
using FormGroup.")

[esbuild-based Builds](guide/esbuild "Getting started with the CLI's esbuild-
based build system.")

HTTP client

[Understanding HTTP](guide/understanding-communicating-with-http
"Understanding communicating with backend services using HTTP")

[Setup for server communication](guide/http-setup-server-communication "Setup
a server communication for HTTP")

[Communicating with backend services](guide/http-server-communication
"Understanding communicating with backend services using HTTP")

[Request data from a server](guide/http-request-data-from-server "Learn how to
request data from the server via the HTTP client")

[Make a JSONP request](guide/http-make-jsonp-request "Make a cross-origin
request via JSONP")

[Handle request errors](guide/http-handle-request-errors "Error handling")

[Send data to a server](guide/http-send-data-to-server "Learn how to send data
to a server via the HTTP client")

[Configure URL parameters](guide/http-configure-http-url-parameters "Learn how
to configure parameters of the URL when sending requests over HTTP")

[Intercept requests and responses](guide/http-intercept-requests-and-responses
"Learn how to use HTTP interceptors to transform requests and responses")

[Interceptor use-cases](guide/http-interceptor-use-cases "Learn when to use
HTTP interceptors")

[Pass metadata to interceptors](guide/http-pass-metadata-to-interceptors
"Learn how to pass metadata to interceptors")

[Track and show request progress](guide/http-track-show-request-progress
"Learn how to track and show progress when sending HTTP requests")

[Optimize server communication](guide/http-optimize-server-interaction "Learn
how to use debouncing to optimize server interaction")

[Cross-Site Request Forgery (XSRF) protection](guide/http-security-xsrf-
protection "Learn how to secure your website against Cross-Site Request
Forgery")

[Test requests](guide/http-test-requests "Learn how to test logic that uses
the HTTP client")

[Hydration](guide/hydration "How to enable hydration on your server rendered
applications.")

[Image optimization](guide/image-directive "Performant images with the Angular
image directive.")

Testing

[Intro to testing](guide/testing "Introduction to testing an Angular app.")

[Code coverage](guide/testing-code-coverage "Determine how much of your code
is tested.")

[Testing services](guide/testing-services "How to test services.")

[Basics of testing components](guide/testing-components-basics "The
fundamentals of how to test components.")

[Component testing scenarios](guide/testing-components-scenarios "Use cases
for testing components.")

[Testing attribute directives](guide/testing-attribute-directives "How to test
attribute directives.")

[Testing pipes](guide/testing-pipes "Writing tests for pipes.")

[Debugging tests](guide/test-debugging "How to debug tests.")

[Testing utility APIs](guide/testing-utility-apis "Features of the Angular
testing utilities.")

Internationalization

[Overview](guide/i18n-overview "Introduces the Angular internationalization
and lists topics that teach you how to localize your applications")

Common internationalization tasks

[Overview](guide/i18n-common-overview "Introduces the common Angular
internationalization tasks and lists topics that teach you how to localize
your applications")

[Add the localize package](guide/i18n-common-add-package "Add the Angular
localize package")

[Refer to locales by ID](guide/i18n-common-locale-id "Reference using locale
IDs")

[Format data based on locale](guide/i18n-common-format-data-locale "Format
data based on locale")

[Prepare component for translation](guide/i18n-common-prepare "Prepare
component for translation")

[Work with translation files](guide/i18n-common-translation-files "Work with
translation files")

[Merge translations into the app](guide/i18n-common-merge "Merge translations
into your app")

[Deploy multiple locales](guide/i18n-common-deploy "Deploy multiple locale for
your app")

[Example Angular application](guide/i18n-example "Example of a translated
Angular application")

Optional internationalization practices

[Overview](guide/i18n-optional-overview "Introduces the optional Angular
internationalization tasks and lists topics that teach you how to manually
configure localization settings for your applications")

[Set the runtime locale manually](guide/i18n-optional-manual-runtime-locale
"Set the runtime locale manually")

[Import global variants of the locale data](guide/i18n-optional-import-global-
variants "Import global variants of the locale data")

[Manage marked text with custom IDs](guide/i18n-optional-manage-marked-text
"Manage marked text with custom IDs")

Animations

[Introduction](guide/animations "Basic techniques in Angular animations.")

[Transition and Triggers](guide/transition-and-triggers "Advanced techniques
in transition and triggers.")

[Complex Sequences](guide/complex-animation-sequences "Complex Angular
animation sequences.")

[Reusable Animations](guide/reusable-animations "Creating reusable
animations.")

[Route transition animations](guide/route-animations "Animate route
transitions.")

Service Workers & PWA

[Introduction](guide/service-worker-intro "Angular's implementation of service
workers improves user experience with slow or unreliable network
connectivity.")

[Getting started](guide/service-worker-getting-started "Enabling the service
worker in a CLI project and observing behavior in the browser.")

[App shell](guide/app-shell "Render a portion of your app quickly to improve
the startup experience.")

[Service worker communication](guide/service-worker-communications "Services
that enable you to interact with an Angular service worker.")

[Service worker notifications](guide/service-worker-notifications "Configuring
service worker notification behavior.")

[Service worker in production](guide/service-worker-devops "Running apps with
service workers, managing app update, debugging, and killing apps.")

[Service worker configuration](guide/service-worker-config "Configuring
service worker caching behavior.")

[Web workers](guide/web-worker "Using web workers for background processing.")

[Server-side rendering](guide/universal "Render HTML server-side with Angular
Universal.")

[Prerendering](guide/prerendering "Prerender HTML server-side with Angular
Universal.")

Angular Libraries

[Libraries overview](guide/libraries "Understand how and when to use or create
libraries.")

[Using published libraries](guide/using-libraries "Integrate published
libraries into an app.")

[Creating libraries](guide/creating-libraries "Extend Angular by creating,
publishing, and using your own libraries.")

[Angular package format](guide/angular-package-format "Information about the
Angular Package Format.")

Feature preview

[Signals](guide/signals "Angular signals for optimized change detection")

[RxJS Interop for Signals](guide/rxjs-interop "Angular signals and Observable
interop")

Best practices

[Security](guide/security "Developing for content security in Angular
applications.")

[Accessibility](guide/accessibility "Design apps to be accessible to all
users.")

[Keeping up-to-date](guide/updating "Information about updating Angular
applications and libraries to the latest version.")

[Property binding best practices](guide/property-binding-best-practices "Use
property binding efficiently.")

[Lazy loading feature modules](guide/lazy-loading-ngmodules "Lazy load modules
to speed up your apps.")

[Lightweight injection tokens for libraries](guide/lightweight-injection-
tokens "Optimize client app size by designing library services with
lightweight injection tokens.")

Angular tools

Development workflow

[Deploying applications](guide/deployment "Learn how to deploy your Angular
app.")

AOT compiler

[Ahead-of-Time compilation](guide/aot-compiler "Learn why and how to use the
Ahead-of-Time \(AOT\) compiler.")

[Angular compiler options](guide/angular-compiler-options "Configuring AOT
compilation.")

[AOT metadata errors](guide/aot-metadata-errors "Troubleshooting AOT
compilation.")

[Template type-checking](guide/template-typecheck "Template type-checking in
Angular.")

[Building & serving](guide/build "Building and serving Angular apps.")

[CLI builders](guide/cli-builder "Using builders to customize Angular CLI.")

[Language service](guide/language-service "Use Angular Language Service to
speed up dev time.")

[DevTools](guide/devtools "DevTools")

Schematics

[Schematics Overview](guide/schematics "Extending CLI generation
capabilities.")

[Authoring schematics](guide/schematics-authoring "Understand the structure of
a schematic.")

[Schematics for libraries](guide/schematics-for-libraries "Use schematics to
integrate your library with the Angular CLI.")

Tutorials

Tutorial: Your first Angular app

[Introduction](tutorial/first-app "Introduction to the first Angular app and
tutorial")

[Hello world](tutorial/first-app/first-app-lesson-01 "Start coding in Angular
with Hello World")

[Create home component](tutorial/first-app/first-app-lesson-02 "Create the
app's HomeComponent")

[Create housing location component](tutorial/first-app/first-app-lesson-03
"Create the app's HousingLocation")

[Create an interface](tutorial/first-app/first-app-lesson-04 "Create an
interface for your app")

[Add inputs to components](tutorial/first-app/first-app-lesson-05 "Add inputs
to components in your app")

[Add property binding to components](tutorial/first-app/first-app-lesson-06
"Add property binding to components in your app")

[Add dynamic values to templates](tutorial/first-app/first-app-lesson-07 "Add
dynamic values to your templates in your app")

[Use *ngFor in templates](tutorial/first-app/first-app-lesson-08 "Use *ngFor
in your templates in your app")

[Angular services](tutorial/first-app/first-app-lesson-09 "Add an Angular
service to your app")

[Add routing](tutorial/first-app/first-app-lesson-10 "Add routing to your
app")

[Customize the details page](tutorial/first-app/first-app-lesson-11 "Add
styles, links and more to the details page")

[Integrate Angular forms](tutorial/first-app/first-app-lesson-12 "Add an
Angular form to your app")

[Add search functionality](tutorial/first-app/first-app-lesson-13 "Add search
functionality to your app")

[Add HTTP communication](tutorial/first-app/first-app-lesson-14 "Add HTTP
communication to your app")

Tutorial: Tour of Heroes

[Introduction](tutorial/tour-of-heroes "Introduction to the Tour of Heroes app
and tutorial")

[Create a project](tutorial/tour-of-heroes/toh-pt0 "Creating the application
shell")

[1\. The hero editor](tutorial/tour-of-heroes/toh-pt1 "Part 1: Build a simple
editor")

[2\. Display a list](tutorial/tour-of-heroes/toh-pt2 "Part 2: Build a
master/detail page with a list of heroes.")

[3\. Create a feature component](tutorial/tour-of-heroes/toh-pt3 "Part 3:
Refactor the master/detail views into separate components.")

[4\. Add services](tutorial/tour-of-heroes/toh-pt4 "Part 4: Create a reusable
service to manage hero data.")

[5\. Add navigation](tutorial/tour-of-heroes/toh-pt5 "Part 5: Add the Angular
router and navigate among the views.")

[6\. Get data from a server](tutorial/tour-of-heroes/toh-pt6 "Part 6: Use HTTP
to retrieve and save hero data.")

[Building a template-driven form](guide/forms "Create a template-driven form
using directives and Angular template syntax.")

Updates and releases

[Update Angular to the latest version](guide/update-to-version-16 "Update your
Angular application to the latest version.")

[Roadmap](guide/roadmap "Roadmap of the Angular team.")

[Release practices](guide/releases "Angular versioning, release, support, and
deprecation policies and practices.")

[Version compatibility](guide/versions "Angular, Node.js, TypeScript, and RxJS
version compatibility.")

[Browser support](guide/browser-support "Browser support and polyfills
guide.")

[Deprecations](guide/deprecations "Summary of Angular APIs and features that
are deprecated.")

Upgrading from AngularJS

[Upgrade instructions](guide/upgrade "Incrementally upgrade an AngularJS
application to Angular.")

[Setup for upgrading from AngularJS](guide/upgrade-setup "Use code from the
Angular QuickStart seed as part of upgrading from AngularJS.")

[Upgrading for performance](guide/upgrade-performance "Upgrade from AngularJS
to Angular in a more flexible way.")

[AngularJS to Angular concepts](guide/ajs-quick-reference "Learn how AngularJS
concepts and techniques map to Angular.")

Reference

Conceptual reference

Angular concepts

[Intro to basic concepts](guide/architecture "Basic building blocks of Angular
applications.")

[Intro to modules](guide/architecture-modules "About NgModules.")

[Intro to components](guide/architecture-components "About Components,
Templates, and Views.")

[Intro to services and DI](guide/architecture-services "About services and
dependency injection.")

[Next steps](guide/architecture-next-steps "Beyond the basics.")

[Binding syntax](guide/binding-syntax "Introductory guide to coordinating app
values.")

[How event binding works](guide/event-binding-concepts "About event binding.")

[Template variables](guide/template-reference-variables "Introductory guide to
referring to DOM elements within a template.")

Workspace and project structure

[Project file structure](guide/file-structure "How your Angular workspace
looks on your filesystem.")

[Workspace configuration](guide/workspace-config "The "angular.json" file
contains workspace and project configuration defaults for Angular CLI
commands.")

[npm dependencies](guide/npm-packages "Description of npm packages required at
development time and at runtime.")

[TypeScript configuration](guide/typescript-configuration "TypeScript
configuration for Angular developers.")

NgModules

[NgModules introduction](guide/ngmodules "Use NgModules to make your apps
efficient.")

[JS Modules vs NgModules](guide/ngmodule-vs-jsmodule "Differentiate between
JavaScript modules and NgModules.")

[Launching apps with a root module](guide/bootstrapping "Tell Angular how to
construct and bootstrap the app in the root "AppModule".")

[Frequently used NgModules](guide/frequent-ngmodules "Introduction to the most
frequently used NgModules.")

[Types of feature modules](guide/module-types "Description of the different
types of feature modules.")

[Feature modules](guide/feature-modules "Create feature modules to organize
your code.")

[Providing dependencies](guide/providers "Providing dependencies to
NgModules.")

[Singleton services](guide/singleton-services "Creating singleton services.")

[Sharing NgModules](guide/sharing-ngmodules "Share NgModules to streamline
your apps.")

[NgModule API](guide/ngmodule-api "Understand the details of NgModules.")

[NgModule FAQs](guide/ngmodule-faq "Answers to frequently asked questions
about NgModules.")

Observables & RxJS

[Observables overview](guide/observables "Using observables to pass values
synchronously or asynchronously.")

[The RxJS library](guide/rx-library "A library for reactive programming using
observables to compose asynchronous or callback-based code.")

[Observables in Angular](guide/observables-in-angular "How Angular subsystems
use and expect observables.")

[Practical usage](guide/practical-observable-usage "Domains in which
observables are particularly useful.")

[Compare to other techniques](guide/comparing-observables "How observables
compare to promises and other message passing techniques.")

Dependency injection

[DI in action](guide/dependency-injection-in-action "Techniques for dependency
injection.")

CLI Command Reference

[Overview](cli "An introduction to the CLI tool, commands, and syntax.")

[ng add](cli/add "ng add.")

[ng analytics](cli/analytics "ng analytics.")

[ng build](cli/build "ng build.")

[ng cache](cli/cache "ng cache.")

[ng completion](cli/completion "ng completion.")

[ng config](cli/config "ng config.")

[ng deploy](cli/deploy "ng deploy.")

[ng doc](cli/doc "ng doc.")

[ng e2e](cli/e2e "ng e2e.")

[ng extract-i18n](cli/extract-i18n "ng extract-i18n.")

[ng generate](cli/generate "ng generate.")

[ng lint](cli/lint "ng lint.")

[ng new](cli/new "ng new.")

[ng run](cli/run "ng run.")

[ng serve](cli/serve "ng serve.")

[ng test](cli/test "ng test.")

[ng update](cli/update "ng update.")

[ng version](cli/version "ng version.")

[API reference](api "Details of the Angular packages, classes, interfaces, and
other types.")

Error reference

[NG0100: Expression Changed After Checked](errors/NG0100 "Expression Changed
After Checked")

[NG01101: Wrong Async Validator Return Type](errors/NG01101 "Wrong Async
Validator Return Type")

[NG01203: Missing value accessor](errors/NG01203 "Missing value accessor")

[NG0200: Circular Dependency in DI](errors/NG0200 "Circular Dependency in DI")

[NG0201: No Provider Found](errors/NG0201 "No Provider Found")

[NG0203: `inject()` must be called from an injection context](errors/NG0203
"`inject\(\)` must be called from an injection context")

[NG0209: Invalid multi provider](errors/NG0209 "Invalid multi provider")

[NG02200: Missing Iterable Differ](errors/NG02200 "Missing Iterable Differ")

[NG02800: JSONP support in HttpClient configuration](errors/NG02800 "JSONP
support in HttpClient configuration")

[NG0300: Selector Collision](errors/NG0300 "Selector Collision")

[NG0301: Export Not Found](errors/NG0301 "Export Not Found")

[NG0302: Pipe Not Found](errors/NG0302 "Pipe Not Found")

[NG0403: Bootstrapped NgModule doesn't specify which component to
initialize](errors/NG0403 "Bootstrapped NgModule doesn't specify which
component to initialize")

[NG0500: Hydration Node Mismatch](errors/NG0500 "Hydration Node Mismatch")

[NG0501: Hydration Missing Siblings](errors/NG0501 "Hydration Missing
Siblings")

[NG0502: Hydration Missing Node](errors/NG0502 "Hydration Missing Node")

[NG0503: Hydration Unsupported Projection of DOM Nodes](errors/NG0503
"Hydration Unsupported Projection of DOM Nodes")

[NG0504: Skip hydration flag is applied to an invalid node](errors/NG0504
"Skip hydration flag is applied to an invalid node")

[NG0505: No hydration info in server response](errors/NG0505 "No hydration
info in server response")

[NG0506: NgZone remains unstable](errors/NG0506 "NgZone remains unstable")

[NG05104: Root element was not found.](errors/NG05104 "Root element was not
found.")

[NG0910: Unsafe bindings on an iframe element](errors/NG0910 "Unsafe bindings
on an iframe element")

[NG0912: Component ID generation collision](errors/NG0912 "Component ID
generation collision")

[NG1001: Argument Not Literal](errors/NG1001 "Argument Not Literal")

[NG2003: Missing Token](errors/NG2003 "Missing Token")

[NG2009: Invalid Shadow DOM selector](errors/NG2009 "Invalid Shadow DOM
selector")

[NG3003: Import Cycle Detected](errors/NG3003 "Import Cycle Detected")

[NG5000: Hydration with unsupported Zone.js instance.](errors/NG5000
"Hydration with unsupported Zone.js instance.")

[NG6100: NgModule.id Set to module.id anti-pattern](errors/NG6100 "NgModule.id
Set to module.id anti-pattern")

[NG6999: Invalid metadata](errors/NG6999 "Invalid metadata")

[NG8001: Invalid Element](errors/NG8001 "Invalid Element")

[NG8002: Invalid Attribute](errors/NG8002 "Invalid Attribute")

[NG8003: Missing Reference Target](errors/NG8003 "Missing Reference Target")

Extended diagnostic reference

[Extended Diagnostics Overview](extended-diagnostics "Overview of extended
diagnostics, what they are, and how to configure them.")

[NG8101: Invalid Banana-in-Box](extended-diagnostics/NG8101 "Invalid Banana-
in-Box")

[NG8102: Nullish coalescing not nullable](extended-diagnostics/NG8102 "Nullish
coalescing not nullable")

[NG8103: Missing control flow directive](extended-diagnostics/NG8103 "Missing
control flow directive")

[NG8104: Text attribute not binding](extended-diagnostics/NG8104 "Text
attribute not binding")

[NG8105: Missing `let` keyword in an *ngFor expression](extended-
diagnostics/NG8105 "Missing `let` keyword in an *ngFor expression")

[NG8106: Suffix not supported](extended-diagnostics/NG8106 "Suffix not
supported")

[NG8107: Optional chain not nullable](extended-diagnostics/NG8107 "Optional
chain not nullable")

[NG8108: ngSkipHydration should be a static attribute](extended-
diagnostics/NG8108 "ngSkipHydration should be a static attribute")

[Example applications](guide/example-apps-list "List of all of the example
applications in the Angular documentation.")

[Angular glossary](guide/glossary "Brief definitions of the most important
words in the Angular vocabulary.")

Angular coding style

[Quick reference](guide/cheatsheet "A quick guide to common Angular coding
techniques.")

[Coding style guide](guide/styleguide "Guidelines for writing Angular code.")

Documentation contributors guide

[Overview](guide/contributors-guide-overview "Provides an overview of how to
contribute to Angular's documentation.")

Common documentation maintenance tasks

[Overview](guide/doc-tasks "Overview of common tasks used to maintain
angular.io.")

[Review documentation](guide/reviewing-content "Keep Angular content up-to-
date by reviewing topics for accuracy.")

[Update search keywords](guide/updating-search-keywords "Help users find the
content they need by adding additional search keywords.")

Documentation editing workflow

[Overview](guide/doc-update-overview "An overview of documentation authoring
process.")

[Prepare to edit documentation](guide/doc-prepare-to-edit "Set up your
development system to edit angular.io.")

[Select a documentation issue](guide/doc-select-issue "The procedures used to
identify and select a documentation issue.")

[Start to edit a documentation topic](guide/doc-update-start "The procedures
used to start editing a documentation topic.")

[Make and save changes to a documentation topic](guide/doc-editing "Making and
saving changes to a documentation topic.")

[Resolve documentation linter messages](guide/docs-lint-errors "More
information about documentation lint errors.")

[Build and test documentation](guide/doc-build-test "Building and testing
documentation.")

[Prepare documentation for a pull request](guide/doc-pr-prep "Preparing
documentation for a pull request.")

[Open a documentation pull request](guide/doc-pr-open "Opening a documentation
pull request.")

[Update a documentation pull request in progress](guide/doc-pr-update
"Updating a documentation pull request in progress.")

[Finish up a documentation pull request](guide/doc-edit-finish "Finishing up a
documentation pull request.")

[Documentation style guide](guide/docs-style-guide "Style guide for
documentation authors.")

[Angular doc localization guidelines](guide/localizing-angular "Learn about
the guidelines for localizing Angular documentation.")

Docs Versions

[next](https://next.angular.io/docs)

[rc](https://rc.angular.io/docs)

[stable](https://angular.io/docs)

[v15](https://v15.angular.io/docs "v15.")

[v14](https://v14.angular.io/docs "v14.")

[v13](https://v13.angular.io/docs "v13.")

[v12](https://v12.angular.io/docs "v12.")

[v11](https://v11.angular.io/docs "v11.")

[v10](https://v10.angular.io/docs "v10.")

[v9](https://v9.angular.io/docs "v9.")

[v8](https://v8.angular.io/docs "v8.")

[v7](https://v7.angular.io/docs "v7.")

[v6](https://v6.angular.io/docs "v6.")

[v5](https://v5.angular.io/docs "v5.")

[v4](https://v4.angular.io/docs "v4.")

[v2](https://v2.angular.io/docs "v2.")

[_mode_edit_](https://github.com/angular/angular/edit/main/aio/content/marketing/docs.md?message=docs%3A%20describe%20your%20change...
"Suggest Edits")

# Introduction to the Angular docs[ _link_](docs#introduction-to-the-angular-
docs "Link to this heading")

Angular is an application-design framework and development platform for
creating efficient and sophisticated single-page apps.

These Angular docs help you learn and use the Angular framework and
development platform, from your first application to optimizing complex
single-page applications for enterprises. Tutorials and guides include
downloadable examples to help you start your projects.

[ Build your first Angular app

Work through a full tutorial to create your first application.

Homes App Tutorial

](tutorial/first-app "Work through a full tutorial") [ What is Angular

Get a high-level overview of the Angular platform.

Platform overview

](guide/what-is-angular "Angular Platform Overview") [ Learn and Explore

Learn about the fundamental design concepts and architecture of Angular
applications.

Introduction to Angular concepts

](guide/architecture "Angular Concepts") [ Set up your environment

Set up your local environment for development with the Angular CLI.

Local setup

](guide/setup-local "Angular Local Environment Setup")

## Assumptions[ _link_](docs#assumptions "Link to this heading")

These docs assume that you are already familiar with
[HTML](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Learn/HTML/Introduction_to_HTML
"Learn HTML"), [CSS](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Learn/CSS/First_steps
"Learn CSS"),
[JavaScript](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/A_re-
introduction_to_JavaScript "Learn JavaScript"), and some of the tools from the
[latest
standards](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Language_Resources
"Latest JavaScript standards"), such as
[classes](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Classes
"ES2015 Classes") and
[modules](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/import
"ES2015 Modules"). The code samples are written using
[TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/ "TypeScript"). Most Angular code
can be written with just the latest JavaScript, using
[types](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/classes.html "TypeScript
Types") for dependency injection, and using
[decorators](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/decorators.html
"Decorators") for metadata.

## Feedback[ _link_](docs#feedback "Link to this heading")

We want to hear from you. [Report problems or submit suggestions for future
docs](https://github.com/angular/angular/issues/new/choose "Angular GitHub
repository new issue form").

Contribute to Angular docs by creating [pull
requests](https://github.com/angular/angular/pulls "Angular Github pull
requests") on the Angular GitHub repository. See [Contributing to
Angular](https://github.com/angular/angular/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md
"Contributing guide") for information about submission guidelines.

Our community values respectful, supportive communication. Please consult and
adhere to the [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/angular/code-of-
conduct/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md "Contributor code of conduct").

Resources

  * [About](about "Angular contributors.")
  * [Resource listing](resources "Angular tools, training, and blogs from around the web.")
  * [Press kit](presskit "Press contacts, logos, and branding.")
  * [Blog](https://blog.angular.io/ "Angular Blog")

Help

  * [Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/angular "Stack Overflow: where the community answers your technical Angular questions.")
  * [Join Discord](https://discord.gg/angular "Join the discussions at Angular Community Discord server.")
  * [Gitter](https://gitter.im/angular/angular "Chat about Angular with other birds of a feather.")
  * [Report Issues](https://github.com/angular/angular/issues "Post issues and suggestions on github.")
  * [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/angular/code-of-conduct/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md "Treating each other with respect.")
  * [Privacy Policy](https://policies.google.com/privacy "Learn about Google's privacy policy.")

Community

  * [Events](events "Angular events around the world.")
  * [Meetups](https://www.meetup.com/topics/angularjs/ "Attend a meetup and learn from fellow developers.")
  * [Twitter](https://twitter.com/angular "Twitter")
  * [GitHub](https://github.com/angular/angular "GitHub")
  * [Contribute](contribute "Contribute to Angular")

Languages

  * [简体中文版](https://angular.cn/ "简体中文版")
  * [正體中文版](https://angular.tw/ "正體中文版")
  * [日本語版](https://angular.jp/ "日本語版")
  * [한국어](https://angular.kr/ "한국어")
  * [Complete language list](guide/localized-documentation "Complete language list.")

Super-powered by Google ©2010-2023.

Code licensed under an [MIT-style License](license "License text").
Documentation licensed under [CC BY
4.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).

Version 16.2.1-local+sha.198834b731.

The modern web  
developer's platform

##  **_This website requires JavaScript._**

